

                Spring Topology and Dynamics Conference
                          To be held at
                      George Mason University
                      Fairfax, Virginia 22030
                          March 12-14, 1998

The following information can also be found at the conference web site
math.gmu.edu/topdyn98.html.

You are invited to attend the thirty-second annual spring topology and
dynamics conference to be held at George Mason University, March 12
through March 14, 1998.  The conference will be dedicated to the memory
of Amer Beslagic, a topologist and George Mason University faculty
member who died in the summer of 1997.  The areas covered by the
conference include set-theoretic, general, and geometric topology,
continuum theory, dynamical systems, and related topics.

The invited speakers include:

		Marcy Barge			Stanislaw Mrowka
		James Baumgartner		Frank Quinn
                Mladen Bestvina                 Kim Ruane
		Mike Boyle			Mary Ellen Rudin
		Tadeusz Dobrowolski		Carl Seaquist
		Alan Dow			Alex Shibakov
		Jerzy Dydak			Dennis Sullivan
                Thomas Farrell                  Andrzej Szymanski
		Rob Ghrist			Stevo Todorcevic
                Cameron Gordon                  Steve Watson
		K.P. Hart			Amie Wilkinson
		Neil Hindman			James Yorke
		Krystyna Kuperberg		Lai-Sang Young
		Rob Meyerhoff

Contributed talks:

Abstracts for fifteen-minute contributed talks may be submitted prior
to February 13, 1998, at www.utm.edu/jschomme/subspring98.htm and
your abstract will be posted on the Topology Atlas.  You are strongly
urged to use the online submission.  However, if this is not possible,
you may (1) send an abstract by email to Topdyn98@gmu.edu, or (2)
submit an abstract by mail to TOPDYN98, Mail Stop 3F2, Mathematics
Department, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030.  Mailed
abstracts must be received no later than February 6, 1998.

Registration:

The registration fee for the conference is $65 if sent on or before
January 15, 1998 and $75 if sent after that.  Graduate students receive
a $25 discount on the registration fee.  The registration form is
enclosed with this announcement.

Graduate students:

We hope to receive NSF funding to help defray some expenses for graduate
students.  When we are notified of this funding, we will inform
registered participants.

Travel information:

George Mason University is in Fairfax, Virginia, a suburb of Washington,
D.C. and is served by Dulles International Airport and Washington
National Airport, each of which is about a thirty-minute drive or
taxi-ride from campus.  Baltimore-Washington Airport is about one hour
and fifteen minutes from campus.  Directions for travel to George Mason
University by automobile can be found at the university's web site:
www.gmu.edu.

Lodging:

Blocks of rooms have been set aside at three motels.  The registration
cut-off for these rooms is February 18, 1998.  After that, rooms can be
booked on the basis of availability.  In order to receive the rates
listed, mention when reserving your room that you are with the Spring
Topology and Dynamics Conference.  All rates are for single or double
occupancy.

Comfort Inn, 11180 Main St., Fairfax, VA.  Price: $69 per night.
Phone: (703) 591-5900 or (800) 223-1223.  This motel is about three
miles from campus and it is offering free shuttle service to the campus.

Holiday Inn Fair Oaks.  Price:  $79 per night.  Phone: (703) 352-2525.
This motel is about four miles from campus.  It is adjacent to a
shopping mall.  You will need to find your own transportation to get to
campus from here.

Wellesley Inn, 10327 Lee Highway, Fairfax, VA.  Price: $69 per night.
Phone: (703) 359-2888.  This motel is about two miles from campus.  It
is on a bus route which goes to George Mason University's campus (the
charge is fifty cents each way).

Further information:

A web site has been created for the conference at
www.math.gmu.edu/topdyn98.html.  Questions can be addressed to the
conference e-mail address: topdyn98@gmu.edu.  You may also contact the
members of the local organizing committee: John Kulesza
(Jkulesza@gmu.edu), Kathy Alligood (Alligood@gmu.edu), and Ronnie Levy
(Rlevy@gmu.edu).






			   Registration Form

		1998 Spring Topology and Dynamics Conference
			 George Mason University


Name______________________________________	Title____________________

University or other organization______________________________________________

Address_________________________________________________________________

City / State / Zip__________________________________________________________

Phone number________________________		E-mail________________________


Registration Fee:  The registration fee is $65 if paid on or before
January 15, 1998 and $75 if paid after January 15, 1998.  Graduate
students may deduct $25 from the fee.

[  ]     Mark this box if you are a graduate student.

[  ]     Check enclosed (payable to George Mason University)

[  ]     Credit Card

[  ]   Visa		[  ]	Mastercard

Credit Card Number_________________________	Expiration Date_________________

Cardholder Name_________________________________________________________

Authorizing Signature____________________________	Date____________________


Fax this registration form and payment to (703) 993-2112 or mail to:

Events Management MS: 3G3
George Mason University
Fairfax, VA  22030-4444

For additional information, please call (703) 993-2122 or (703) 993-2090.








----- End Included Message -----

